the world and even school teaches us in
so many ways to work on our weaknesses
to get stronger
and i think that's a huge flaw i think
we just get great at what we're good at
we need to be good at one of two things
and we can make an impact on the world
everybody welcome to impact theory our
goal with this show and company is to
introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams all right today's guest is a
ridiculously successful real estate
entrepreneur who took himself from a
childhood full of crippling poverty to
building a mega multi-million dollar
empire he got his first taste of success
while he was still a teenager despite
the fact that he had a learning
disability didn't go to college or come
from money instead he started by
chopping wood rebuilding cars and
knocking on thousands of doors literally
looking for homes to buy by his own
estimation he isn't smarter than the
average person but he does have far
better habits habits that have allowed
him to write five books become a
multi-time new york times best-selling
author and dominate the success business
and real estate book sales charts for
years and years selling well over a
million copies of his books his insane
work ethic authenticity and
awe-inspiring amount of enthusiasm have
not only helped him succeed in business
but they've also helped him create one
of the most successful direct selling tv
programs of all time it was so
successful in fact that it's generated
hundreds of millions in sales and has
been airing on television every day
continuously for 17 years
through his amazing web content he's
also reaching millions of people online
and his live event series has helped
establish him as one of the foremost
success coaches and real estate
educators in the world
so please
help me in welcoming the dedicated
philanthropist who has helped feed and
house countless people who are
struggling the best-selling author of
millionaire success habits dean graziosi
man thank you thank you that guy sounded
awesome
he is awesome
love them i can't wait for you to meet
awesome so man i want to know like it is
crazy to me growing up living in a
trailer park living in a bathroom with
your dad for a year it's pretty crazy
how do you go from that while still in
your teens to be getting a really and
just incredible entrepreneurial journey
it's so funny even when i was sitting in
the green room waiting reading your
impact theory uh reading your values you
know
it's those foundational things that got
me here i just didn't know it at that
time so if i look back at that time it's
i did live in a bathroom with my dad for
a year straight because he had a i say
that quick on tv and people like what do
you mean he lived in a bathroom well he
had a house with no heat there was no
walls in it so the bathroom was enclosed
enough where we could plug in electric
heater so we'd drag a bed in there at
night plug in electric heater and we
lived in that bathroom for almost a year
but if i look back then my parents got
married and divorced a lot which a lot
of people go through
they didn't have any money evicted from
places which other people go through but
i remember wanting to take care of my
mom
and my driver at 15 now that i look back
at 13 even probably 12 was something i
just want my mom not to work so hard
and if i look those things anchored me
through life like even if you're running
away from pain and that's your driver
great use it actually feel the pain more
don't ignore it and live a life of of
status quo or even a life of struggle
because of that in fact let the pain
sink in and let it be your driver and
then once you get past those then other
things kick in that could be your
motivator which i hope we get to talk
about today but i think the main driver
was taking care of my mom and i realized
that at a young age i watched how much
my father struggled and he worked hard
my father wasn't lazy he got up at six
he was busting his knuckles every day on
cars and working really hard to work
till late and he was frustrated i was
like wow he works hard so that whole
thing of go to school work hard has
nothing to do with success there's no
correlation i live in phoenix 110
degrees i drive by there's guys up on
the roof putting a black tar roof on
they've been there all day it's five
o'clock at night they're physically
working harder than me i think i
recognize that at a young age my dad was
kind of like running on a treadmill and
then there was certain people in my town
that just seemed happier more successful
and they they just did things just a
little bit differently than the norm and
it made a it made an impact
so talk to me about the time that your
dad saw a guy mowing your lawn for you
but that was he heard that that really
showed the dichotomy between the the new
way that you were trying to think and
then the old way that you'd been brought
up to think um and the different results
that each path
yeah really great question so
um i was probably 19 or 20 years old and
by then i had already
i was working in a collision shop i'd
buy wrecked cars fix them and sell them
and i had my first apartment house by
then i bought an old rundown house i got
it for no money down
and i built i built nine apartments in
it and i'd build one apartment and i'd
live in it while i remodeled it so i'd
work on cars during the day at night i'd
work on this first apartment i'd get it
done and then as soon as it was done and
it looked nice i'd rent it and i'd move
into the crappy one and rebuild it and i
got all nine done
and i realized at a young age that at
that time i was starting my real estate
career and by the time it was all rented
it was doing really well it was cash
flowing really well my dad always
working hard and born during the
depression was always like you know
don't borrow money if you could do it
yourself don't dare hire anybody else
and i knew it was fundamentally flawed
because it wasn't working for him
so i used to spend all day saturdays in
this apartment housing i had a monster
lawn i'd weed whack all day i'd mow the
lawn and one day just hit me i said
what my dad thinks is wrong like doing
this during this time this seven hours
of mowing i could pay the neighbor 50
bucks to do it and i could go fix one
more car or find another piece of real
estate or flip a car and sell it for a
profit and i could make maybe a couple
grand today my roi would be monstrous so
the first time little the first week my
kids mowing my lawn my dad pulls in the
driveway and he sees and he gets out he
goes you're gonna pay someone to mow
your lawn this is you got bigger than
your [__] you're this is it for you
and i remember just sitting there and i
hated my dad could be confrontational
sometime and he got so mad at me like
furiously mad he got in his car and he
it was a gravel driveway he hit the gas
so hard it sprayed rocks all over my car
like dented the whole side of my car
ding ding ding ding ding and he left
piss and i remember just sitting there
it was really a moment in my life and
i'm like
wow his beliefs are so strong and if you
could do it yourself you should do it
that it's compromised him and having the
ability you know to have more freedom
have more joy and i realized at that
moment it actually it didn't make me
want to fire the kid
that was mowing my lung and anchored in
the fact that wow
this is what i need to do more of and i
think i've been on a journey i still i
you probably the same way i still on a
quarterly basis i still look through
everything i do and it you know it's
like an onion and keep peeling away the
onion of what you shouldn't do
and i and i still look i'm like what can
i have an roi on what can i make
several thousand dollars an hour
whatever the number is and pay someone
to do it so that was a big tipping point
in my life because i started realizing
that
i didn't have to get i didn't have to do
things that i could get a better roi on
and then it
it evolved even more so into stop doing
things i sucked at because the world and
even school teaches you teaches us in so
many ways to to to you know
work on our weaknesses to get stronger
and i think that's a huge flaw i think
we just get great at what we're good at
we need to be good at one of two things
and we can make an impact on the world
how do people find those things
well you know
i've been doing it for so long time that
i think the best way is as as archaic as
this might sound is
i literally will jot down now and i'll
tell people whether i'm in a high-end
mastermind where people paid a hundred
grand to be in the room or they pay 90
bucks in the bureau tell the same people
is take a journal do it in your phone
and in the notes or do it on in your
journal or on a pad and write down the
stuff you do on a daily basis hour by
hour
and then go through it and literally
look at the stuff as simple as it sounds
look at the stuff and say is everything
on this list drive me towards being a
better version of myself or more wealth
if that's what you want or being a
better dad is what i obsess on or being
a better family man or being more
conscious being more spiritual like does
it help god the universe or a bigger
version of me and if it doesn't should
it really be something that's on my list
and if it has to be done can someone
else do it can i delegate it can i
automate it or can i just eliminate it
and and i literally do that practice at
least once a quarter for the last 10
years um because we must because
sometimes we've we evolved we change and
things that used to light us up or used
to be important aren't anymore um and
then the other thing too is there's a
there's a balance between you know just
making money or furthering your business
and also knowing internally what your
definition of success is
um you know it there might be something
that makes you a lot of money but it
robs your soul so there's that balance
and i think that doesn't happen oh that
doesn't happen in your 20s and maybe not
in your 30s at least it didn't for me i
was just fighting to be successful in my
20s and 30s but at this phase i wish
someone would have grabbed me at 25 and
said
you're gonna make all the money you want
you'll have all the success you want
make sure your soul is aligned with that
money
and every time i don't know about you
every time i align my values my soul my
purpose whatever it is you want to call
it with
my businesses or my profits they always
soar without having to obsess on the you
know on the on the numbers
what you just said is so important and
is is the like driving force of my life
um
like you i chased money first and
foremost that was it i wanted to get
rich period yeah when people when people
i hear their story of i had this
epiphany to change the world at 22 i'm
like that wasn't me i just wanted to be
rich because i hated being poor i want
to take care of my mom you i could lie
so anyway i didn't mean to interrupt but
i get it man not at all and i i really
hope people are hearing what you're
saying because it's like everything that
i say beyond like align the way that you
generate your wealth with what you love
doing is like trappings to try to point
you back at that because one you'll be
far more extraordinary because you care
enough about it to invest the time to
get great
two it's
the thing that is going to keep you
going when it gets really hard is going
to be that you believe in what you're
doing you're passionate about it gives
you more energy than it takes and if you
don't have that you're in real trouble
and i'll say that some of that though is
a bit advanced class it's getting into
like you're talking about optimizing
which is so critical
unless you're so early in your
development that you're like your dad
you know people and gravel so what i
want to know is
you understand the psychology of people
and their story and how they get trapped
really well talk to me about how people
can get control of that story you talk
about
monitoring your thoughts aware of what
you're thinking being aware of the story
you're telling yourself you're right and
what stands between us and where we want
to go
is never what we think it is it's not
the economy it's not the president it's
not that somebody already dominated the
health food industry or dominated
facebook advertising or dominated tv
advertising or there's no room left
it's never that it's always the story we
tell ourselves and why we can't achieve
that
and and if if i wanted to boil it down i
would just say what is your biggest why
what's your biggest goal that you would
love if it was a year from now we were
sitting here you're watching this it was
a year later and it was the best year of
your life what would be the biggest
thing that would have changed in your
life
from money income family love intimacy
being a better dad mom whatever whatever
that is
if you say to yourself i would love that
goal like i i'd love to have my company
doing a million dollars a year in net
profit so it could have freedom for my
family then just say butt
and whatever that butt is is usually
your story
it's like i would love my company to be
doing a million dollars yet but i live
in a smaller town and there's just not
enough people to do it or the internet's
so saturated there's no room to
advertise on facebook anymore because
everybody their brother's on whatever
that story is is usually your story and
that's the results you get and that
story is the thing the thing standing
between you and your next level and and
i know people are watching right now
going oh dean that's nice you guys got
money now so it's easy i don't have any
money i don't have a partner i don't
have any business experience
you know this economy is not right for
what we do
and and
you know where there's where there's you
know that old saying where there's a
will there's a way if that if your story
is that that's what you'll continue to
get so what i would say is
if i was gonna boil it down
is
find what that story is now to you you
might be saying dean you're saying it's
a belief it's reality and maybe it's
phase three but reality is nothing more
than our perception of a situation right
we all know that you've read that about
you've watched it on tom show you
everybody has said it but maybe it's the
first time you actually think about it
that that reality you think is holding
you back is really just the story so
there's two things i say is go find
somebody else with that same story like
go look at your your your evolution
where you were on your couch no money
right go look at richard branson's story
look at tony robbins story look at you
know john paul de georgio or all the
amazing books everybody i've read every
book in there that's amazing the people
that you've got to interview and meet
but read all those stories and realize
that first of all that story you have is
probably a lie right so if you can find
proof like leverage that it's a lie
that's one thing but then the one that
would get me is i love aspiration
i love to look and say look what you did
man i i want to get there if he did it i
can do it
but sometimes you need the pain
as well so what i like to do
is i like to think
take that story and think it's five
years from now and think it's 10 years
from now and you're still in the same
exact spot you are now you're still
worried you still have envy you still
want more you desire more you want to
take care of your family you want to
provide more and think that that story
those two sentences
is the thing holding you back do you
really want to give that story that much
power and then think it's 10 years from
now and that story is still done and all
of a sudden like for me
i think am i going to let that story
stop me i brought my son with me today
am i going to stop from giving him the
opportunities that i didn't i'm not
raising i have two children i'm not
raising entitled kids i want to give a
massive opportunity i don't want to
leave him a trust fund i'm going to
leave him massive opportunity and train
them i'm not going to let any story get
in the way of me being that dad and if a
story pops up that says hey i can't make
baseball this week because of this i'll
change the damn story i'll fistfight
with that story and i'll look at the
pain i'll have if i keep that story so i
love the aspirational part of this story
will stop me from my new life but also
like are you gonna let that story screw
you around for the next five ten fifteen
years i mean man we're we're going to be
90 laying in a bed looking up like
before we know it and you want to think
i squeezed all i could out of life or
did i let just beliefs that other people
gave me hold me back
now let's say that they do that they're
looking back they understand what they
would have to change to really get you
know so they're at a future point
thinking okay this is the best year of
my life they look back they understand
what they have to do to actually make
that come true
they identify a limiting belief yeah
they get the butt and then they oh okay
that cool i got it i'm owning that story
unintentionally now how do they start
writing a news story without feeling
like they're lying to themselves yeah
yeah no that's true so in 10th grade i
decided i wasn't going to college wasn't
that smart i had dyslexia family didn't
have money none of my family ever went
to college i just wanted out of school
so my dad owned a collision shop uh was
called paul graziosi autobody and uh
he never made more than 30 grand a year
i told you worked really hard but not
profitable just worked hard so my dad
said if you're not going to go to
college i'll make you a 25 partner in
the collision shop in 11th grade if you
can get out by 11 o'clock so 11 o'clock
i start
11th and 12th grade i took like ceramic
gym and and and english and i was out i
was at the collision shop so in 11th
grade in this little town i grew up of 8
000 people a little town called marlboro
new york the collision shop signed he
switched it and it became paul and dean
auto body and i'm like that was huge for
me and i i worked i worked like my dad
did i work i hustled i went there at 11
o'clock i worked every night and my dad
was like hey our business is doing
better because you i was better with the
clients i was better i i brought more
people in i hustled
so now all my friends are going off to
college or going into what they're doing
like you're not going to college like no
i got this collision shop like
i felt like a little sense of pride like
i was making movement and by then i was
giving my mom some money i was giving my
grandmother some money and uh and had
this evolution i felt good so about two
years out of high school
my dad goes through his fourth divorce
and it hits him really hard
and um it hit him so hard that he
checked out and he said hey i'm not
going back to the collision shop i'm not
paying the rent it's done and i was like
i at that phase of my life tom i felt i
was embarrassed more than anything like
i remember that point because i was like
i'm not going to college but i own paul
and dean autobody with my dad and it was
like in my head not realizing i'm 20
nothing i'm like life's over i have no
money in the bank life is just screwed
and i started telling myself that story
and i lost the spark i had had since i
was about 12. like since 12 i'm like i'm
not that smart but i'm going to do this
i'm going to do it and i lost it and i'm
going to friends like hey if your dad or
anybody you know needs a car fixed i'm
doing it out of my garage and i know my
friends are like uh
and
then all of a sudden
so this is what i'll share with you
maybe you've had a story worse than that
or maybe a story not as bad as that
but i remember being in there and saying
to myself like what the hell am i doing
telling myself this crap like if i feel
this way this is why i would be my dad
and i remember at that moment i changed
the story and i started thinking to
myself and it didn't happen overnight so
this is what i want to encourage you
when you find the bad story find a way
to just reverse the whole thing i'm like
no no no
because i don't have a college degree
i'm going to fight and i'm going to do
this because i was always small i'm
gonna do this because i have no money
i'm gonna do this because my friends
think i can't i'm gonna do this and all
of a sudden i started changing this
story not overnight but over weeks it
became my empowering story i wasn't
looking at a deficit i'm like screw you
guys you think i'm not going to do this
because i don't have what you have i'm
going to show i'm going to blow right
past you whether that's a good thought
or not at the time it served me that's
not how i look at things now but at the
time it served me some of it was and i
was able to reverse that story and that
story got me through just like what got
you from going to the couch getting
change to where you've what you've
created it's unbelievable the impact
you've made on the world but if we had
the wrong story
if we had the wrong beliefs we're
screwed before we start
i'm glad that we went down this road
because if one person watching today
just says screw this old story and you
spent the time to make that an
empowering story then i think the game
changes forever
do you have people that ask you like hey
i'm rewriting my story but it doesn't
feel real
what advice do you have for them
um
rewriting my story and it doesn't feel
real of course it doesn't feel real
because you've been living the old story
so long all changes is uh you know all
change
freaks people out whether they believe
that they like change or not and i think
not only been telling yourself the story
so long
is when you tell yourself a bad story
we look for things did you ever you ever
have something bug you like everybody
does and you google it and you find all
the negative stuff like oh my god i got
i got cancer i have you know it's i have
a tumor right it's the same thing with
with our insides right when we have a
story that's holding us back we find
social proof all around us it tells us
it's the truth right you talk to your
aunt who says yeah hey listen rich
people get to do those things we don't
you just play it safe and all of a
sudden subconsciously you're like oh
maybe that story is right so you have
all these years of sometimes years
months weeks whatever it is you have the
story and then you only collect the data
that supports the story so your
subconscious can be okay with playing
small
what i love in in your real life story
is that it wasn't like you were saying
oh this epiphany i look up the stars of
the line it was okay you have the
trouble with your dad and his um most
recent divorce yeah looks like
everything is collapsing you get it back
it's going in the right direction we're
winning again this is incredible and
then you make a deal to
sell your car flipping business yeah and
then
that goes to hell yeah and in that
moment the the story comes rushing back
of maybe everybody was right maybe i
wasn't smart enough absolutely and so
that in fact you just posted this on
your instagram i thought it was so
brilliant it was the life of an
entrepreneur and it showed this like i'm
winning everything's amazing i screwed
up [__] i really said i'm winning again
yeah i've got this figure and just like
this back and forth back and forth how
did you when you thought oh i've
overcome this i've got the empowering
story and then it all falls apart again
the inner villain as you call it like
start speaking up how did you deal with
it the second time around was it easier
was it harder i think it was harder
it was harder because it was bigger
because so the story just so you said i
i went i got i ended up after that i
worked in that little
garage i was working on one car my story
changed i started getting power two cars
three cars i went to the the woman who
owned the collision shop my dad had
rented for her mrs mary lopresti she was
a great old lady elderly lady and we
became friends and she sold me the
collision shop with no money down wow so
i bought the collision shop my dad lost
i named it dean collision center i took
the paul off i was mad at my dad so i
named it dean collision center i bought
it and i started and i got enterprise
rent a car account i got hurts rent a
car account we went from this rinky dink
collision shop to a successful collision
shop started buying and flipping more
houses and then in the late 90s i wanted
to teach people how i made money with
cars i used to wholesale cars if you
ever went and traded in a car and they
gave you a low price i'd run ads in the
classified said hey if you're getting a
low offer
call me i'll sell your car for you and
then i'd match buyers and sellers and
make money in theil so i created a
course called motor millions and i'd
watched tony robbins on infomercials and
i had no idea what i was doing
i put all the money i had together hit
credit cards and i filmed my first
infomercial in 1999 and i sold a course
called motor millions
and went on tv and was literally running
motor millions my education business out
of the collision shop like i had three
phones on the desk and oh no that's the
that's the motor millions phone and uh
and uh we ramped up and i had no idea
what i was doing i knocked on a lot of
doors and finally rolled out on tv and
probably got to a 10 million a year
company you know the trials and era
figuring it out right a lot of mistakes
because i had no idea what i was doing
and i was about three years into that
and i wanted to teach everybody real
estate and i had somebody come in and
offer to buy motor millions
uh and they uh they took the company and
came in like hey you're running like mom
and pop we're gonna turn it into a
company and they blew the company up i
mean like in nine months like as fast as
you could blow a company up they blew it
up
and uh
and i remember when they were making all
these changes i remember thinking well
i'm not that smart these guys are
smarter than me so they're probably
doing it right even though it didn't
feel right it's a long story short the
company went belly up but my name was
attached to it and they didn't pay
refunds for people who bought my courses
and stuff so i went to court and
literally took back the debt and then i
over the next two years i paid off 100
of the people who had bought even though
they bought through the company bought
it my bills were ridiculous and all of a
sudden cash flow was shut off
immediately and i'm fighting to take
back a dead company like it was like i
gave them a thorough bread that was
ready to grow and they broke its legs
and gave it back to me i had to fight
and pay to take it back then paid off
and i thought i was going to lose it and
those limiting beliefs at a different
level came back and said uh see you
didn't go to college you didn't study
enough you weren't smart enough to own a
10 million a year company you weren't
smart enough to negotiate right what do
you think you're doing get this paid off
go back literally i was saying go back
to marlborough go back to just real
estate car business you can make
yourself 300 grand a year like literally
those beliefs came in all over again
and
i would i would bet to say
what did it for me then was two things
is i started thinking back of all the
things that i went through and it was
just as painful when i was broke getting
my first deal done get broke living in a
bathroom broke in that garage going to
the collision shop and i realized that
it doesn't matter how many zeros are at
the end or how big your company is the
pain is still there if you have the
ability to get through a death get
through a hard time get through
something horrible in your life you have
the same ability and you probably agree
this when your company's got you know
three zeros or nine zeros or ten zeros
it does like
the the stress and the worry is almost
the same if you look back it's just
you're just handling bigger problems and
i think
i think i mean you want to upgrade your
life upgrade your problems right but
but
i think that's what got me through is i
literally looked back and said wow i
thought i was dead then i wasn't i
thought i wasn't going to make it there
i did and i started this
mantra if i can get through this [__] i
can get through anything and i remember
i would just walk and i would say it oh
if i get through this i can get through
anything this is my time this is my
purpose this is my calling i went from
the worst time of my life to be
being empowered and motivated and the
energy just i took my team with me they
felt the energy they felt the motivation
and and we just blew right through to
another level that's really incredible
you have this concept of
protect your confidence i've never heard
anybody say it like that before
why is that so important how because i
think
i mean in all the big decisions you've
had to make along your way
have you ever made a good decision when
your confidence was down no
once like can you say i walked in my
head was down your physiology's changed
you're like a little nervous like you
just don't make good decisions when your
confidence is down and and i don't think
it's like we're either confident or not
confident i think it's like if
confidence is 100 if our confidence is
95 we play smaller i know with me like
big opportunities come if i'm not in
that like space i'm like you know what
guys let's just
let's hold let's not like i won't make
smart decisions so i think i think we
have to do everything in our power to
protect our confidence so that that
theory of protecting your confidence has
been has been a a major thing in my head
always in fact i have a you know we all
have our own morning routines not maybe
not everybody but i have a morning
routine that i have to do
to get me to play and the way i look at
is play offense for the day not play
defense with lower confidence what does
that look like um
i've tried a lot of variations and
for me it's if i
immediately when i wake up i can't check
my phone in fact i put it on airplane
mode and i move it i got that from
ariana huffington who's amazing and
she's like is your phone still by your
bed she goes airplane mode on the other
side of the room you know
so that and then
i just know so many people roll over and
grab their phone and to me that's like
russian roulette you put a bullet in the
gun and you spin it it's like what if
the email says the deal didn't happen
numbers are down life's not working out
like
and immediately for me it's like you
open up and and this little box is gonna
dictate the first couple hours or maybe
the whole day by what you see so i just
i just won't look at my phone when i
first wake up
um so but when i first open my eyes this
is all and i like doing things quick for
me because i want to get to the gym
because the only time of day i'll go if
i try to wait till the afternoon it
doesn't work for me so as soon as i wake
up i immediately try to think of
something i'm grateful for which
everybody knows that and thinks about
but i've i play this game myself on how
far i can lower the bar
meaning
i i try to do a gratitude journal about
three years ago and after about five
weeks i ran out of stuff to say i'm like
i already wrote my kids and this and
life like what did i put in here like
and then i was like wow 150 000 people
die every single day you can google it
that's the number it's like some days i
wake up i'm just like i'm here awesome
and i let i feel that silly little thing
like i'm here or i'll be like oh my god
the sheets feel
softer than they've ever felt and i'll
literally think to myself these sheets
are really good like what a third of the
world sleeps on the on a dirt floor
and i have sheets in an amazing bed and
look at the view i have and that's
enough just because the way i look is
i'm just just tweaking my brain enough
to be in a grateful place it doesn't
have to be this for me and you guys
might have better practices i'm not
talking about a half-hour gratitude
meditation i just need one little thing
or i pick up a book if i'm reading one
of the books that you have on the shelf
i'll pick and i'll just pick three
sentences and read something empowering
and i'll get that state of mind for my
brain and then i think about
one win i had the day before because i
know as entrepreneurs as somebody
searching for success we never give
ourselves credit we never treat a friend
the way we treat ourselves it's like i
know i've had days i've gone till 10
o'clock at night go man i got nothing
done today was the biggest lie like we
beat ourselves up we just were like
these race horses we wouldn't even treat
a racehorse that we owned as bad as we
treat ourselves right so
i wake up and i'll do a quick little
gratitude and i'll say what was one win
yesterday that i accomplished and i'm
like wow you did do that yesterday and
then i'll think of one win i want to do
that day like what i'm gonna need a
million things done today but what's a
must today that would be a great win
and then for me then i immediately go
downstairs in my house and i drink i
felt like i fed my my mind and i want to
feed my body so for me i've been doing
the same drink forever i do apple cider
vinegar lemon mct oil a scoop of green
powder
and
mix that up and i down that and then i
immediately got to go to the gym so
reading the book one of the things that
i found interesting is you talk about
money myths and some of the things that
people believe that end up holding them
back what are some of the major money
myths that people struggle with
i think i think some of the big ones are
a certain group of people feel like if
you're making too much of it you're
taking it from somebody else that's a
big uh that's a big worry i think um
the other thing is
that people think
money
doesn't solve problems or money
won't
make me a better person or money won't
make me happy and i think
however you want to classify money but
for me i just know this
if that's a driver for you i don't think
we should drive for money i think we
should drive to be a better version of
ourselves when money was no longer a
worry for me i dove into me
and i had been ignoring and tucking down
a lot of crap for a lot of years
and i was surface level i looked like
the guy that had it all going on my
businesses are doing good i have amazing
children company thriving i live in the
right neighborhood drive the right
have the right friends everything looked
great
but it was all masked and when money got
out of the way
i was able to find dig into me and do my
own personal development and my own
personal growth and really find the
things that i wanted to fix so i could
become a better version because i know
if i'm pointing because my son's over
there
it doesn't matter what i tell him
as a parent and if you're a parent you
know what i'm talking about i could
teach him everything i'd give him
lessons we do sunday meetings i could
teach him lessons every he's going to
become
who i am not what i say
and i'm going to lead by example and i
want to be a better version of me and
money's allowed that money has not made
me uh
evil or done bad things it's it's
allowed me to not worry about that part
so i could focus on me and
simultaneously the more i focused on me
the more i want to do take my money and
do better for other people i mean i
heard somebody say once when they said
they think money's evil they said you
haven't made enough and you haven't
given enough away yet to see that it's
not so that kind of shifted for me is
like i just want to i want to fine-tune
and hone my skills for making more money
then i have the ability to help more
people because that's the gift i got
right um so i think i know you asked
about money myths i think i think the
the whole thought of money's evil or it
can't help problems or we're hurting
other people by taking it i just i don't
believe in that as long as
the byproduct of you making money turns
you into a better person and allows you
to help more people
so if you're somebody that buys into
that and you want to go on that journey
then
to the very title of your book like what
are the habits that
you need to cultivate in your life in
order to be able to succeed at the
highest level yeah you know what
um
every one of your rules on impact theory
what i read i'm not kidding ever since
that journey and starting before that
with more to millions i realized that
people are searching like
and again i i digress sometimes but
everybody's in a vehicle like your
wealth creation vehicle whether that's a
job you don't like or a job you do like
or a business you started or a business
that's crushing or business it's not
doing great you have this vehicle and
when this vehicle is not working
we're looking on the road of all the
other shiny cars i was like oh man i
tried selling stuff on amazon that's not
working i'm going to go in the car
business the real estate business i'm
going to go in the speaking business the
nutrition business the supplement and
you're looking for another car to jump
in
and i realize people jump from car to
car to car their whole life looking for
satiation looking for satisfaction
looking to make more money and i got to
see it firsthand tom because i was in
the business of teaching people how to
make money with real estate and when
they would call into customer service
when they would send in for a refund or
i'd see them at an event they never said
ever i tried your real estate stuff it
sucks
never we used to send surveys to list
and go how come you're not making money
yet is it you know the time effort
energy dean's training sucks
one percent would pick
the training sucks
and what i realized over all these years
is that and the reason i wrote
millionaire success habits is you could
literally give someone a business on how
to sell 20 bills for five bucks
and they'd screwed up
because of their beliefs because of the
fear of rejection because the fear of
selling because of the fear of marketing
because other people told them they
couldn't or they feel they need certain
criteria they need initials at the end
of their name like they they need all
these things
and at the end of the day what you wrote
uh
your impact theory you call them beliefs
impact theory beliefs it's kind of the
same beliefs that are in my book but
it's also the same beliefs that are in
three quarters of the books that you
have in your shelf now and the
incredible people you've interviewed and
i just saw that if we can give people if
we can go upstream if you can stop
jumping from vehicle to vehicle the
vehicle you're in might be the right
vehicle but you don't have the right
habits or the right beliefs or the right
rules whatever you want to call it my
books habits so i call them habits but
it's really the foundation for success
so you can overcome the obstacles you
don't let negative people in your life
steer you in different directions it
doesn't you know
even people will ask me about
productivity people say how do you get
so much done how do you run a business
and still coach little league and
baseball and stuff how do you do all
those things
it's because of just simple success
habits like
i i just wrote something on this
recently i said you have to treat your
decisions for productivity like binary
thinking which is x's and o's black and
black or white yes or no is this moving
me toward a better version of myself a
wealthier version a happier version or
is it not successful people make
this doesn't serve that better version
i'm not doing it right so there's all
these little rules and i think
i think
and i know this even when i met with
branson i think people meet someone
who's successful
people meet you and they're like okay
what is it like like there's this little
like okay nobody's looking
one that lights up and like here it is
right and it's not the big thing like
even when i was
sailing with branson i'm wait like i
wanted to say to him so what is it you
know but it's not
when i get done talking to him for three
hours he's got the same habits that you
have the same rules that you have
written down on that plaque that's
amazing in my opinion it's never the big
things
it's all the little changes you can make
in your life and none of them are are
dramatic
at each level it's like just following
these little principles that have worked
for so many years and you start put them
in your life and all of a sudden
decisions start going easier the money
starts to change the business starts to
do good the thoughts in your head start
to project a bigger future rather than
than than negativity i i think it's the
i think it's the build up of the habits
or beliefs
it makes all the sense in the world
all right before i ask my final question
where can these guys find you online um
a lot of places i'm on social media we
just started putting effort on instagram
and it's starting to explode we you know
i've been the infomercial guy for so
long i just ignored social media which
was silly but the last four months we
put effort on instagram we've already
grown over a hundred thousand people
organically and it's growing like crazy
so follow me on instagram you can get my
book at dean's free book we we offer the
book if people cover shipping and
handling we mail them the hardcover um
we just passed 320 000 books on
millionaire success habits so we're wow
yeah so we're cranking the books on fire
it's it's going viral and if you look on
instagram there's hundreds and hundreds
of pictures we never asked one person to
take a picture so it's the message is
resonate so i'm really excited about
that that's incredible man you have sold
a lot of books yeah it's pretty nuts
all right so my final question what is
the impact that you want to have on the
world
um you know
great question and i'll make it i won't
go too long cause i could be long-winded
it would have been a different answer
for every gen every phase of my life
that's interesting for sure would have
been a different one might even 10 years
ago
been to leave a legacy for my children
which is amazing but at this phase of my
life
i see what an impact
impact theories beliefs the strategies
that are in my book brandon bouchard so
many other great books like
i want to go upstream and i want to give
people the tools so they can live a more
abundant life and even though that
sounds vast it's like i think it can be
easier than you think like
the way i wrote millionaire success
habits i wanted to make it so low the
goats can eat it i wanted to make it
even though if you read a hundred books
that gave you the same stuff i was
hoping to write in a way where i i
actually could do that for the first
time so i think more and more over the
next 10 years what i think you'll see is
me trying to find a way to get even the
the people who like are opposed to
personal growth who think it's too fu-fu
and i'm not going to go to i'm not going
to think all these great thoughts i'm a
realist like those of you watching who
are realists i'm getting to you i want
to get you too i want to convert those
that don't think they could be converted
so that that would be a great impact i
love that
appreciate it so much for being on the
show though thanks man that's awesome
all right guys i i'm telling you right
now when you look at where he started
and the mindset that he had to develop
to get where he is today and just play
that interview back the way that he
talks is so relatable being with him
before the camera started rolling and
i'm sure long after the cameras stop
rolling he's the exact same person he is
ultra relatable he is you and that's the
entire thing that he puts out into the
world is there's no difference between
who he is and who you are so what he has
accomplished
is about those habits of success of
knowing how to get a hold of his
thoughts of being aware of them taking
control
shaping his story into something that's
empowering go back and listen to the
part where he's talking about his dad
and what went down at the car shop and
how he then transforms his mindset
in order to get out of that and then
again the next time that he has a
problem again it's about addressing the
limiting beliefs there are few people
whose story i think so incredibly
embodies exactly
what you need to be doing if you want to
be successful
this man is the prototype he has been
absurdly successful hundreds of millions
of dollars in revenue it is absolutely
an extraordinary tale of a normal guy
who did extraordinary things by putting
his mind to it protecting his confidence
going inward asking himself why why he's
doing what he's doing to find out the
real motivation so that he could align
his actions to that
make sure that he had the energy the
passion and the enthusiasm to carry it
through and that's one thing that he
didn't say here today but is really a
hallmark of who he is it's not about
your intelligence it's not about your
education how enthusiastic are you how
much do you love what you're doing and
how much can you infect other people
with that enthusiasm so go out figure
out what your why is get your mind right
show the enthusiasm to the world that
you have and you will be shocked at the
people that come around you to help you
achieve what you want to achieve
all right if you haven't already be sure
to subscribe and until next time my
friends be legendary take care
hey everybody thank you so much for
watching and being a part of this
community if you haven't already be sure
to subscribe you're going to get weekly
videos on building a growth mindset
cultivating grit and unlocking your full
potential